docs: update miss Change-Log (#42422)
ant-design/ant-design: CHANGELOG.en-US.md

`2023-05-15`

- 🔥 New Component ColorPicker. [#41990](https://github.com/ant-design/ant-design/pull/41990) [@RedJue](https://github.com/RedJue)

> - 🔥 DatePicker & Calendar export generate function directly now, no need to import and use by module path. [#41773](https://github.com/ant-design/ant-design/pull/41773)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🆕 DatePicker & Calendar export generate function directly now, no need to import and use by module path. [#41773](https://github.com/ant-design/ant-design/pull/41773)
```

> - 🆕 DatePicker & Calendar export generate function directly now, no need to import and use by module path. [#41773](https://github.com/ant-design/ant-design/pull/41773)

Author: ```suggestion
- 🆕 Add DatePicker.generateCalendar & Calendar.generateCalendar custom date component method now, no need to import and use by module path. [#41773](https://github.com/ant-design/ant-design/pull/41773)
```

> - 🆕 Add DatePicker.generateCalendar & Calendar.generateCalendar custom date component method, no need to import from module path. [#41773](https://github.com/ant-design/ant-design/pull/41773)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- 🆕 Add DatePicker.generateCalendar and Calendar.generateCalendar custom date component method, no need to import from module path. [#41773](https://github.com/ant-design/ant-design/pull/41773)
```

> - 🆕 Add DatePicker.generateCalendar and Calendar.generateCalendar custom date component method, no need to import from module path. [#41773](https://github.com/ant-design/ant-design/pull/41773)

Author: ```suggestion
- 🆕 Add `DatePicker.generateCalendar` and `Calendar.generateCalendar` custom date component method, no need to import from module path. [#41773](https://github.com/ant-design/ant-design/pull/41773)
```

> - 🆕 Add DatePicker.generateCalendar & Calendar.generateCalendar custom date component method now, no need to import and use by module path. [#41773](https://github.com/ant-design/ant-design/pull/41773)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- 🆕 Add DatePicker.generateCalendar & Calendar.generateCalendar custom date component method, no need to import from module path. [#41773](https://github.com/ant-design/ant-design/pull/41773)
```
